# Online Proctored Coding Assessment Platform (OPCAP)

<h2>What is (OPCAP)</h2>

<p>
  OPCAP is a full stack web application, where an organization can conduct a coding test for a set of people. Moreover, results are generated automatically anc rank list is returned to the test conductors. This application is developed using React JS in frontend and Django in backend. 
</p>

<h2>Working of OPCAP</h2>

<ul>
  <li>There are separate platforms for admin as well as test takers.</li>
  <li>Admin can add student details, create new coding questions and can create coding test.</li>
  <li>Here, student details can be added directly by uploading a csv file.</li>
  <li>While creating coding questions, the admin can add public as well as private test cases.</li>
  <li>After admin creating a test, a temporary credentials are generated and shared via their mail id.</li>
  <li>These credentials are valid only for the particular test.</li>
  <li>Student can login with the credentials generated by the admin.</li>
  <li>At the time of login, the test takers face is verified with the existing database.</li>
  <li>After logging in, the timer will be started and the questions are available to the test takers.</li>
  <li>At this stage, proctoring will get started, which will restrict from tab switching, using keyboard shortcuts and moving from the screen.</li>
  <li>A complete environment will be available for the test takers to attend the coding test.</li>
  <li>Here, they can execute their code and submit the same.</li>
  <li>After submitting the code, scores are calculated based on time taken and number of test cases passed.</li>
  <li>A test submits automatically, if the student crosses the limits of warning, or the time ends.</li>
  <li>Moreover, plagiarism is identified from the submitted code from the other test takers.</li>
  <li>The entire detailed test report is submitted for both admins as well as test takers.</li>
</ul>
